
0 header: 
1 len(desc): 4
    


2 header: FinSpy Spyware for Mac and Linux OS Targets Egyptian Organisations
3 len(desc): 991
    Amnesty International today exposed details of a new surveillan
    ce campaign that targeted Egyptian civil society organizations 
    with previously undisclosed versions of FinSpy spyware designed
     to target Linux and macOS systems.  Developed by a German comp
    any , FinSpy is extremely powerful spying software that is bein
    g sold as a legal law enforcement tool to governments around th
    e world  but has also been found  in use by oppressive and dubi
    ous regimes to spy on activists.  FinSpy, also known as FinFish
    er, can target both desktop and mobile operating systems, inclu
    ding Android, iOS, Windows, macOS, and Linux, to gain spying ca
    pabilities, including secretly turning on their webcams and mic
    rophones, recording everything the victim types on the keyboard
    , intercepting calls, and exfiltration of data.   According to 
    the human rights organization Amnesty International , the newly
     discovered campaign is not linked to 'NilePhish,' a hacking gr
    oup known for attacking Egyptian NGOs in a ser


4 header: Microsoft Windows XP Source Code Reportedly Leaked Online
5 len(desc): 980
    Microsoft's long-lived operating system Windows XP—that still p
    owers over 1% of all laptops and desktop computers worldwide—ha
    s had its source code leaked online, allegedly, along with Wind
    ows Server 2003.  Yes, you heard that right.  The source code f
    or Microsoft's 19-year-old operating system was published as a 
    torrent file on notorious bulletin board website 4chan, and it'
    s for the very first time when source code for Microsoft's oper
    ating system has been leaked to the public.   Several reports s
    uggest that the collection of torrent files, which weigh 43GB i
    n size, also said to include the source code for Windows Server
     2003 and several Microsoft's older operating systems, includin
    g:   Windows 2000  Windows CE 3   Windows CE 4   Windows CE 5  
     Windows Embedded 7  Windows Embedded CE  Windows NT 3.5  Windo
    ws NT 4  MS-DOS 3.30   MS-DOS 6.0   The torrent download also i
    ncludes the alleged source code for various Windows 10 componen
    ts that  appeared in 2017  and sour


6 header: 
7 len(desc): 4
    


8 header: Fortinet VPN with Default Settings Leave 200,000 Businesses Open to Hackers
9 len(desc): 981
    As the pandemic continues to accelerate the shift towards worki
    ng from home, a  slew of digital threats  have capitalized on t
    he health concern to exploit weaknesses in the remote work infr
    astructure and carry out malicious attacks.  Now according to n
    etwork security platform provider SAM Seamless Network , over 2
    00,000 businesses that have deployed the Fortigate VPN solution
    —with default configuration—to enable employees to connect remo
    tely are vulnerable to man-in-the-middle (MitM) attacks, allowi
    ng attackers to present a valid SSL certificate and fraudulentl
    y take over a connection.  "We quickly found that under default
     configuration the SSL VPN is not as protected as it should be,
     and is vulnerable to MITM attacks quite easily," SAM IoT Secur
    ity Lab's Niv Hertz and Lior Tashimov said.  "The Fortigate SSL
    -VPN client only verifies that the CA was issued by Fortigate (
    or another trusted CA), therefore an attacker can easily presen
    t a certificate issued to a differen


10 header: Major Instagram App Bug Could've Given Hackers Remote Access to Your Phone
11 len(desc): 982
    Ever wonder how hackers can hack your smartphone remotely?  In 
    a report shared with The Hacker News today, Check Point researc
    hers disclosed details about a  critical vulnerability  in Inst
    agram's Android app that could have allowed remote attackers to
     take control over a targeted device just by sending victims a 
    specially crafted image.  What's more worrisome is that the fla
    w not only lets attackers perform actions on behalf of the user
     within the Instagram app—including spying on victim's private 
    messages and even deleting or posting photos from their account
    s—but also execute arbitrary code on the device.  According to 
    an  advisory  published by Facebook, the heap overflow security
     issue (tracked as CVE-2020-1895 , CVSS score: 7.8) impacts all
     versions of the Instagram app prior to 128.0.0.26.128, which w
    as released on February 10 earlier this year.   "This [flaw] tu
    rns the device into a tool for spying on targeted users without
     their knowledge, as well as enabling


12 header: 
13 len(desc): 4
    


14 header: Detecting and Preventing Critical ZeroLogon Windows Server Vulnerability
15 len(desc): 974
    If you're administrating Windows Server, make sure it's up to d
    ate with all recent patches issued by Microsoft, especially the
     one that fixes a recently patched critical vulnerability that 
    could allow unauthenticated attackers to compromise the domain 
    controller.  Dubbed 'Zerologon' (CVE-2020-1472) and discovered 
    by Tom Tervoort of  Secura , the privilege escalation vulnerabi
    lity exists due to the insecure usage of AES-CFB8 encryption fo
    r Netlogon sessions, allowing remote attackers to establish a c
    onnection to the targeted domain controller over Netlogon Remot
    e Protocol (MS-NRPC).  "The attack utilizes flaws in an authent
    ication protocol that validates the authenticity and identity o
    f a domain-joined computer to the Domain Controller. Due to the
     incorrect use of an AES mode of operation, it is possible to s
    poof the identity of any computer account (including that of th
    e DC itself) and set an empty password for that account in the 
    domain," researchers at cyber


16 header: A New Hacking Group Hitting Russian Companies With Ransomware
17 len(desc): 974
    As ransomware attacks  against critical infrastructure continue
     to spike in recent months, cybersecurity researchers have unco
    vered a new entrant that has been actively trying to conduct mu
    ltistage attacks on large corporate networks of medical labs, b
    anks, manufacturers, and software developers in Russia.  The ra
    nsomware gang, codenamed "OldGremlin" and believed to be a Russ
    ian-speaking threat actor, has been linked to a series of campa
    igns at least since March, including a successful attack agains
    t a clinical diagnostics laboratory that occurred last month on
     August 11.  "The group has targeted only Russian companies so 
    far, which was typical for many Russian-speaking adversaries, s
    uch as  Silence  and  Cobalt , at the beginning of their crimin
    al path," Singaporean cybersecurity firm Group-IB said in a rep
    ort published today and shared with The Hacker News.   "Using R
    ussia as a testing ground, these groups then switched to other 
    geographies to distance thems


18 header: Unsecured Microsoft Bing Server Exposed Users' Search Queries and Location
19 len(desc): 991
    A back-end server associated with Microsoft Bing exposed sensit
    ive data of the search engine's mobile application users, inclu
    ding search queries, device details, and GPS coordinates, among
     others.  The logging database, however, doesn't include any pe
    rsonal details such as names or addresses.  The data leak, disc
    overed by Ata Hakcil of  WizCase  on September 12, is a massive
     6.5TB cache of log files that was left for anyone to access wi
    thout any password, potentially allowing cybercriminals to leve
    rage the information for carrying out extortion and phishing sc
    ams.  According to WizCase, the Elastic server is believed to h
    ave been password protected until September 10, after which the
     authentication seems to have been inadvertently removed.  Afte
    r the findings were privately disclosed to Microsoft Security R
    esponse Center, the Windows maker addressed the misconfiguratio
    n on September 16.   Misconfigured servers have been a constant
      source of data leaks  in recent years, resul


20 header: British Hacker Sentenced to 5 Years for Blackmailing U.S. Companies
21 len(desc): 990
    A UK man who threatened to publicly release stolen confidential
     information unless the victims agreed to fulfill his digital e
    xtortion demands has finally pleaded guilty on Monday at U.S. f
    ederal district court in St. Louis, Missouri.   Nathan Francis 
    Wyatt  , 39, who is a key member of the infamous international 
    hacking group 'The Dark Overlord,' has been  sentenced  to five
     years in prison and ordered to pay $1,467,048 in restitution t
    o his victims.  Wyatt, who was  extradited to the United States
      late last year after being held for over two years in the Uni
    ted Kingdom, has pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit aggrava
    ted identity theft and computer fraud.   U.K. police first arre
    sted Wyatt in September 2016 during an investigation into the h
    acking of an iCloud account belonging to Pippa Middleton, the y
    ounger sister of the British royal family member Duchess of Cam
    bridge, and stealing 3,000 images of her.  Though he was releas
    ed in that case without charge due to lack of


22 header: 
23 len(desc): 4
    


24 header: 
25 len(desc): 4
    


26 header: 
27 len(desc): 4
    


28 header: 
29 len(desc): 4
    


30 header: 
31 len(desc): 4
    


32 header: 
33 len(desc): 4
    


34 header: 
35 len(desc): 4
    


36 header: 
37 len(desc): 4
    


38 header: 
39 len(desc): 4
    

